big ideas move the world forward looking
ahead to what's next and believing in
what's possible are necessary to make
the future a reality but to shape the
future we must invest in the present
proton energy systems is at the
forefront of developing cutting-edge
clean energy solutions for partners
around the world and entrepreneur Tom
Sullivan owner of proton energy systems
recognize that fueling the brilliant
young minds of today would supply the
leaders of intelligent energy of
tomorrow the goal of the proton energy
scholarship program is to make higher
education dreams come true for the next
generation of scientific innovators the
proton energy scholarship program helps
outstanding promising and financially
deserving high school seniors to pursue
higher education in the fields of
science and technology by warning
generous undergraduate scholarships this
is the very first year that these
prestigious scholarship prices have been
available and more than 500 high school
seniors from across the country apply
the hydrogen education foundation the
charitable arm of the national hydrogen
Association administers education
focused programs and partnered with
proton energy systems in the selection
of the ten deserving finalists in 2010
proton energy systems would also like to
thank the judges arrow Feinstein Rob
Dunn and Amy Manheim for all of the time
they put in in choosing the following
finalists sahil kapal a top finisher in
science and math competitions saxophone
player and volunteer for invisible
children which raises awareness of
tragedies occurring in northern Uganda
Ryan cow a middle-school map team coach
cross country and track runner choir
group singer and top finisher in math
and science competitions andre's parrado
who came to the u.s. from Colombia
speaking little English is now active on
the math team drama club choir and two
bands Matthew Lee a top finisher in the
physics and chemistry olympiads and
summer volunteer in a local soup kitchen
and nursing home Carol and by a
cross-country runner dose in for the
local Historical Society intern at a
Conservancy
and member of the honor society and
thespian society Jesse Kosta nada is the
recipient of six golden tiger awards for
academic excellence a varsity cross
country runner and member of the
National Honor Society William mcnairy
the fourth is a dedicated member of the
Jazz and marching bands student council
environmental key club and future
teachers of America Philip lubick is a
longtime member of the high school math
team and plays varsity volleyball and
soccer he belongs to six school clubs
and holds office in three of them
Alexandra olivares attended an asus
summer scholarship program and balances
her studies with part-time jobs
including work with her local police
department Jenny Lu is an award-winning
classical pianist who traveled to
Budapest for the International chemistry
olympiad where she won a bronze medal
hydrogen is the future of energy to
overcome today's challenges and reach
tomorrow's new breakthroughs we must
support the next generation of scholars
scientists and innovators proton energy
systems is proud to invest in the
promise of today's students and looks
forward to the impact of their future
contributions